V0.24 increase limit  number of positions per attribute (#1206)
meilisearch/documentation: reference/features/known_limitations.md

### Maximum words per attribute

**Limitation:** MeiliSearch can index a maximum of __65535 positions per attribute__. Any words exceeding the 65535 position limit will be silently ignored.

**Explanation:** This limit is enforced for relevancy reasons. The more words there are in a given attribute, the less relevant the search queries will be.

#### Example

Suppose you have three similar queries: `Hello World`, `Hello, World`, and `Hello - World`. Due to how our tokenizer works, each one of them will be processed differently and take up a different number of "positions" in our internal database.

If your query is `Hello World`:

- `Hello` takes the position `0` of the attribute
- `World` takes the position `1` of the attribute

If your query is `Hello, World`:

- `Hello` takes the position `0` of the attribute
- `,` takes the position `8` of the attribute
- `World` takes the position `9` of the attribute

::: note

> `,` takes 8 positions as it is a hard separator. You can read more about word separators in our [article about datatypes](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/under_the_hood/datatypes.html#string).

Reviewer: Any reason why we're using an absolute URL here instead of a relative link to the `.md`?

```suggestion
`,` takes 8 positions as it is a hard separator. You can read more about word separators in our [article about datatypes](/reference/under_the_hood/datatypes.md#string).
```

:::

If your query is `Hello - World`:

- `Hello` takes the position `0` of the attribute
- `-` takes the position `1` of the attribute
- `World` takes the position `2` of the attribute

::: note

> `-` takes 1 position as it is a soft separator. You can read more about word separators in our [article about datatypes](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/under_the_hood/datatypes.html#string).

Reviewer: Same as above:

```suggestion
`-` takes 1 position as it is a soft separator. You can read more about word separators in our [article about datatypes](/reference/under_the_hood/datatypes.md#string).
```
